Documentation: Add contributing guidelines (#139)
diasurgical/d1-graphics-tool: CONTRIBUTING.md

* You're not sure if the implementation you want to make aligns with the project's direction - here you can create an issue to propose your implementation change and see if community approves it

For questions regarding your implementation change, you can always ask on our Discord, on `#development` channel.

Please try to do these when creating an issue:

* Try to prepend your issue's title with the category/component that the issue is related to, for example, if your change is mostly related to LevelCelView, you'd name your issue as follows: `LevelCelView: Modified <...>`. If you're not sure, you can drop the tag, and if the issue is most probably related to every, or many components of the app, you can use `Everywhere:` tag.
* Create only one issue per bug/implementation request
* Thoroughly describe the bug that you witnessed, if possible also add screenshots - there is no general pattern or template on how the issue should look like, so try to give the next person who will take care of it as many hints as possible
* Include your platform name that you've witnessed the bug on, and libraries versions that you're using on your system

> * Do not create issues regarding build issues or other support request, if CI builds the application during pull request - the problem is most probably on your side. Please ask for help on `#request-support` channel on our Discord.

Reviewer: [discussion](https://github.com/diasurgical/d1-graphics-tool/discussions) on github would also be ok

Author: Added a reference link to the discussions tab on github, so contributors can redirect build issues here.

## Creating a PR - guidelines

> Those guidelines won't be neccessarily as strictly executed as they should be, but it should be your responsibility to mark all the checks. If you're a future maintainer, or a future frequent contributor, you'd not want to debug a change that's not as descriptive or readable as it should be, at the same time not knowing if it introduced something important or not. So it's better for everyone to stick to the guidelines and always check them before opening a new Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those guidelines won't be necessarily as strictly executed as they should be, but it should be your responsibility to mark all the checks. If you're a future maintainer, or a future frequent contributor, you'd not want to debug a change that's not as descriptive or readable as it should be, at the same time not knowing if it introduced something important or not. So it's better for everyone to stick to the guidelines and always check them before opening a new Pull Request.
```

Author: Good catch, done :)

## Behavior etiquette

We're all working on this project in our free time, many of us are frustrated after work or after a day of problems. We try to keep it purely technical, since everyone is from a different country, culture and everyone has a set of different beliefs. But to maintain things in a clear, transparent way we hold ourselves and respect a set of rules, so it would be good that everyone who joins the project, or is a frequent contributor would stick to those:

* Do not advertise your personal politics or religious beliefs anywhere in the code, or on our github repository. Do not add changes related to those topics.
* Do not curse extensively in pull requests/issues
* Do not bully someone for their github profile, bad code, profile picture, beliefs discovered on some personal page or anything that they done in the past
* If you have questions regarding code during a review, it's good to assume someone had a reason to do something, and it's better to ask "Why is it here, shouldn't we do XYZ?" rather than "What the f... is that garbage?"

> * If your contribution is not getting attention, you can always on the `#development` channel on our Discord, maybe someone will have some time and take a look on it. Just don't expect someone to do that immediately and don't spam the link, that may annoy people.

Reviewer: > you can always on the `#development` channel

You can always what?

Author: Finished the sentence, done :)

* You're not sure if the implementation you want to make aligns with the project's direction - here you can create an issue to propose your implementation change and see if community approves it

For questions regarding your implementation change, you can always ask on our Discord, on `#development` channel.

Please try to do these when creating an issue:

* Try to prepend your issue's title with the category/component that the issue is related to, for example, if your change is mostly related to LevelCelView, you'd name your issue as follows: `LevelCelView: Modified <...>`. If you're not sure, you can drop the tag, and if the issue is most probably related to every, or many components of the app, you can use `Everywhere:` tag.
* Create only one issue per bug/implementation request
* Thoroughly describe the bug that you witnessed, if possible also add screenshots - there is no general pattern or template on how the issue should look like, so try to give the next person who will take care of it as many hints as possible
* Include your platform name that you've witnessed the bug on, and libraries versions that you're using on your system

> * Do not create issues regarding build issues or other support request, if CI builds the application during pull request - the problem is most probably on your side. Please ask for help on `#request-support` channel on our Discord, or by creating a proper Q&A discussion on [discussions](https://github.com/diasurgical/d1-graphics-tool/discussions) tab on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please refrain from creating issues related to build problems or other support requests. If CI builds the application without any issues during a pull request, the problem is likely on your side. Instead, seek assistance on the #request-support channel on our Discord or initiate a proper Q&A discussion on the [Discussions](https://github.com/diasurgical/d1-graphics-tool/discussions) tab on GitHub.
```

Author: Applied.
